Add new config to Snowflake page (#7162)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs.md

</File>

## Setting Row Access Policies

It is possible to configure [row access policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-row-intro) on tables, views and dynamic tables by leveraging the `row_access_policy` config for our models. The row access policy would need to already exist in Snowflake when it is applied to the model.

<File name='models/<modelname>.sql'>

```sql
{{ config(
    row_access_policy = 'my_row_access_policy_name on (id)'
) }}

select ...

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</File>
```

Reviewer: adding closing file tag @b-per

> ## Configuring table tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Configuring table tags
```

</File>

> ## Setting Row Access Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting row access policies
```

> Configure [row access policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-row-intro) on tables, views and dynamic tables by leveraging the `row_access_policy` config for models. The row access policy The policy must already exist in Snowflake before you apply it to the model.

Author: ```suggestion
Configure [row access policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-row-intro) on tables, views and dynamic tables by leveraging the `row_access_policy` config for models. The policy must already exist in Snowflake before you apply it to the model.
```

> It is possible to configure [row access policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-row-intro) on tables, views and dynamic tables by leveraging the `row_access_policy` config for our models. The row access policy would need to already exist in Snowflake when it is applied to the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure [row access policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-row-intro) on tables, views and dynamic tables by leveraging the `row_access_policy` config for models. The row access policy The policy must already exist in Snowflake before you apply it to the model.
```

<File name='models/<modelname>.sql'>

```sql
{{ config(
    row_access_policy = 'my_row_access_policy_name on (id)'
) }}

select ...

```
</File>

## Configuring table tags

> To add tags to tables, views and dynamic tables, use the `table_tag` config. Note that the tag would need to exist beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add tags to tables, views and dynamic tables, use the `table_tag` config. Note, the tag must already exist in Snowflake before you apply it.
```
